1465325. When a plane accident has happened in the last week, more people are anxious to get onto the plane. Why is this?

A) People overthink the outcome even when they would not o on a plane in the near future. 
B) Hard imaginable events are thought of to be more likely to happen.
*C) Easily imaginable events are thought of to be more likely to happen.
D) None of the above.

1465325. Considering Baddeley's model of working memory, what does the Central executive NOT do?

A) Direct overall action.
B) Control the focus of attention.
*C) Manage the information between the phonological loop and the visiospatial sketchpad.
D) Integrate information in the episodic buffer.

1465325. Whos theory did Kohlberg use to expand his own.

A) Maslow
B) Freud
*C) Piaget
D) Vygotsky

1465325. Emotion is built up of several components, what component corresponds to: an increased heart rate?

A) Cognitive component
B) Behavioral component
*C) Physiological component.
D) There is no such thing as components of emotions.

1465325. The lectures mention: 'People seem to explain their own actions differently from how they explain other people's actions.'. This is an example of?

A) Dispositional attribution error
B) Situational attribution error
*C) Actor observer bias 
D) Self-serving bias

1465325. Which of the following scenarios best illustrates the difference between the physiological and psychological approaches to stress?

A) Someone feels anxious due to a difficult work situation (physiological), but later learns to reduce this stress through positive reinforcement from colleagues (psychological).
B) A person experiences an increased heart rate and rapid breathing when witnessing an approaching car accident (psychological), while their stress levels decrease when they physically distance themselves from the situation (physiological).
*C) A student experiences stress during an exam due to the brain's release of cortisol (physiological), while the student reduces their stress through a meditation exercise that calms their thoughts (psychological).
D) During a job interview, a candidate feels heightened tension due to negative thoughts about their performance (physiological), while they reduce this tension by using confident body language (psychological).