16810447. Which of the following scenarios is an example of heuristics in decision-making?

A) Solving a math problem by following a detailed, step-by-step algorithm
*B) Evaluating a person's honesty based on their reputation and past actions
C) Choosing between two investment options by flipping a coin
D) Attempting to solve a new type of puzzle by trial and error

16810448. Which of the following is responsible for the recency effect in memory recall?

A) The items in the middle of a list are forgotten due to interference
B) The deeper encoding of earlier items due to primacy effect
C) Information at the beginning of a list benefits from increased rehearsal
*D) Recently presented information is still in short-term memory

16810449. According to Piaget, "a child who understands that the amount of liquid remains the same even when poured into a differently shaped container" - to which cognitive development milestone is demonstrated here?

*A) Conservation
B) Reversibility
C) Centration
D) Object permanence

168104410. Which of the following statements fits the Schachter-Singer two-factor theory of emotion?

A) Emotional experiences result from the perception of bodily arousal
B) Emotions are generated by unconscious cognitive appraisals
*C) Both physiological arousal and cognitive labeling are required to experience emotion
D) Emotion is a direct result of physiological changes caused by a specific stimulus

168104412. Which of the following best describes the concept of cognitive dissonance?

A) Someone conforms to group pressure to avoid being the outlier
*B) An individual feels uncomfortable after realizing their actions contradict their beliefs
C) A person complies with an authority figure even though they disagree with the order
D) A person attributes their success to hard work but blames failures on bad luck

168104414. Which of the following statements most accurately describes the role of cortisol in the body's response to stress?

A) It promotes the release of endorphins to create a sense of well-being during stressful events
B) It reduces inflammation and speeds up recovery after injury
*C) It increases blood sugar levels and suppresses non-essential functions during acute stress
D) It inhibits the production of adrenaline, helping the body remain calm