2051907. If the physical task of writing with a pen and paper is extremely challenging for a person, which of the following learning disabilities does this person probably have?

A) Dyslexia
*B) Dysgraphia
C) Dyscalculia
D) None of the above

2051907. If you tell Ben about how your day was, a couple minutes after you told him about your day, he does not remember what you told him. But if you ask him about his wedding day, he can tell you allot about that day. His wedding day happend before he had a big injury that caused brain trauma. This example is a example of:

*A) anterograde amnesia
B) retrograde amnesia
C) both anterograde- and retrograde amnesia
D) construction

2051907. If a parent places high value on conformity. And these parents are often strict, tightly monitor their children, and express little warmth to their children. Which parenting style described by Baumrind is this an example of?

A) Authoritative style
B) Permissive style
*C) Authoritarian style
D) Uninvolved style

2051907. You are swimming in the sea, and in a sudden you see that a shark is swimming underneath you. Your sympathetic nervous system would initiate significant physiological arousal, which make your heart race. According to which of the following theories, would you only experience a feeling of fear after this physiological arousal had taken place?

A) Schachter-Singer two-factor theory
B) Cannon-Bard theory
C) cognitive-mediational theory
*D) James-Lange theory

2051907. You just bought a wardrobe at Ikea. You and your partner spend hours assembling that wardrobe. A month earlier you bought also bought a wardrobe for another room, somewhere else, but is was already assembled delivered. You and your partner both fancier the wardrobe bought at Ikea more. This is an example of: 

*A) justification of effort
B) altruism
C) Asch effect
D) consummate love

2051907. If you would describe your friend Tim as an intensely driven workaholic who is preoccupied with deadlines and always seems to be in a rush. According to Friedman and Rosenman your friend Tim is an example of which behavior pattern Type:

A) Type D
B) Type B
*C) Type A
D) Type C