21833667. How would you order these terms from least to most meaningful?

A) morphemes, phonemes, words, syntax
*B) phonemes, morphemes, words, syntax
C) morphemes, phonemes, syntax, words
D) phonemes, morphemes, syntax, words

21833663. When I was young I learned Spanish from my friend. Now I am trying to learn French on Duolingo but the Spanish words keep coming to mind when I try to recall French words.

A) Retrograde Amnesia 
B) Anterograde Amnesia
C) Retroactive interference
*D) Proactive interference

21833664. There are multiple theories of development, but what was Erikson's theory?

A) Personality develops through a series of childhood stages in which pleasure seeking energies from the child become focused on certain erogenous areas
*B) At each stage in our life we need to resolve a conflict to be able to move on.
C) Cognitive development: how thinking changes as children grow older.
D) Cultural-historical theory of cognitive development: emphasize the importance of society and culture for promoting cognitive development.

21833665. These are 2 statements about motivation: 1. "I want to learn and improve myself."  2."I want to pass this exam by getting a grade of 6 or higher."

A) Both statements are examples of intrinsic motivation.
B) Neither of both statements are examples of intrinsic motivation.
*C) Only statement 1 is an example of intrinsic motivation.
D) Only statement 2 is an example of intrinsic motivation.

21833666. What is a situation in which a sunk cost fallacy could occur?

*A) Continuing to watch a movie when you already paid for the ticket.
B) Switching to a new gym because your current one is too expensive.
C) Leaving your project group at the beginning, because they are not showing much effort.
D) Trying a new recipe because the last one did not turn out well.

21833661. Which keyword is not explicitly a factor related to a burn-out?

A) Exhaustion
*B) Provisional frustration.
C) Diminished personal accomplishment
D) Depersonalization.
 

