14726667. Which of the following is an example of a heuristic?

*A) Creating a planning for your project, from the deadline back
B) Clicking the buttons of your friends oven until it starts
C) Following the steps to build your new IKEA desk
D) Writing an essay about the impact of emotional instability in politics

14726668. Robin was taught some german when he was small, and has now gotten into a new language on duolingo, dutch. However, he keeps on mistaking the german word for eating for the dutch word. How can we call this phenomenon that Robin is having trouble with?

A) Retroactive interference
B) Automatic processing
*C) Proactive interference
D) False memory syndrome

14726669. What did Mary Ainsworth’s research regarding lifespan development show?

A) 24-26 month old children can point to themselves in pictures and indicate self-recognition
*B) There are three types of parent-child attachments: secure, avoidant and resistant
C) Adolescents engage in increased risk-taking behaviors vecause their frontal lobes are still developing
D) adults who engage in mentally and physically stimulating activities experience less cognitive decline

147266610. Which of the following entails the cognitive-meditational theory?

A) By actively relaxing the mind, cognitive function increases.
B) classical conditioning is critical for attaching emotional value to learning processes and memory
*C) Our emotions are determined by our appraisal of the stimulus
D) Stimuli can be neglected, therefore creating a cognitive-meditational status.

147266612. Do you think bullying happens because associate negatively with people of an in-group or out-group? And what is it called when people have the intent to help other people and they have some kind of interest in the helping?

A) in-group, altruism
B) in-group, prosocial behavior
C) out-group, altruism
*D) out-group, prosocial behavior


147266614. The relaxation response technique is focussed on stress reduction. Which of these components does not belong?

*A) sitting upright on a comfortable chair with feet on the ground and body in a relaxedposition,
B) talking to a friend to relax
C) repeating a word or a phrase—a mantra—to oneself, such as “alert mind, calm body,”
D) passively allowing the mind to focus on pleasant thoughts, such as nature or the warmth of your blood nourishing your body.