14457901. Psychologist Raymond Cattell divided intelligence in two different concepts: fluid intelligence and crystallised intelligence. What scenario describes their differences best?

A) Figuring out the pattern(s) to solving Rubic's cubes, versus learning to tie a strong knot.
*B) Putting on mittens when removing a pan from the stove, versus recoiling when taking off the lid of the pan.
C) Congratulating your friend on their birthday, versus drinking coffee from a mug.
D) Solving a differential equation, versus learning to speak.

14457902. According to a theory of Miller, 1956, what would a person find easiest to remember when shown for the first time?

*A) The names of the dwarves in the fairy tale of Snow White.
B) The first half of the alphabet.
C) Your answers to the midterm of this course.
D) Your friend's phone number.

14457903. What is NOT one of the common difficulties experienced during longitudinal studies?
A) Longitudinal studies often cannot avoid the attrition effect.
B) Funding for the study being difficult to obtain over a long period of time.
*C) Cultural differences between participants developed over a long time can influence the results.
D) Participants are often tested in similar ways, leading to them becoming used to procedures, which influences results.

14457904. What is the most important motivating factor for answering this question correctly?

*A) Intrinsic motivation
B) Homeostatic drive
C) Extrinsic motivation
D) self-efficacy

14457905. What scenario best describes cognitive dissonance?

A) While listening to a well-known piece of music, the performer plays an incorrect note.
B) A person learns a new trick that makes solving a puzzle suddenly very easy.
C) Arriving in a country you have never visited before, you experience culture shock.
*D) A person finds out that their parent is not actually their biological parent.

14457906. What best describes the flow of events when stress occurs of the PHA-axis?

A) Activates adrenal glands (adrenal medulla) -> releases adrenaline and noradrenaline -> rise in heart rate, blood pressure, decrease in digestion
B) Hypothalamus -> activates glands (adrenal medulla) -> releases adrenaline and noradrenaline -> rise in heart rate, blood sugar, decrease in digestion
*C) Hypothalamus -> stimulates pituitary gland -> releases ACTH (Adrenocorticotropic hormone) -> adrenal cortex -> cortisol release -> rise in blood sugar
D) Hippocampus -> stimulates pituitary gland -> releases ACTH (Adrenocorticotropic hormone) -> adrenal cortex -> cortisol release -> supplies energy to organs