21096977. What are prototypical and core properties of an university student? (The first answer relates to prototypical properties and the one after the colon to the core properties)

A) has a backpack, laptop, studies in the library; goes to classes in the university
B) goes to classes in the university; has a backpack, laptop, studies in the library
*C) broke, sleep deprived, stressed; is enrolled in an university 
D) is enrolled in college; broke, sleep deprived, stressed

21096978. What is the largest advantage of the Baddeley and Hitch's memory model in comparison with Atkinson and Shiffrin's memory model?

A) Gives more in-depth understanding of how memory works.
B) Gives more detailed explanation of how LTM works.
*C) Gives more detailed explanation of how STM works.
D) Gives more in-depth understanding of the learning process. 

21096979. Which argument of the following supports the nurture side of the nature vs nurture debate?

*A) Children whose parents have the means to support their academic career are more likely to perform better at school. 
B) Children whose parents also well performed in academics are more likely to perform better at school.
C) Children whose peers had outstanding academic results are more likely to perform better at school.
D) Children who have had tested positive for a genes correlated with high academic achievements are more likely to perform better at school.

210969710. Due to which phenomenon are some students quite motivated to come back to school?

A) Due to the deviation from homeostasis. 
*B) Due to boredom and seeking out stimulation. 
C) Since they perform best when their arousal level is moderate.
D) Due to the need of inner fulfillment. 

210969712. What is the value collectivistic cultures value most out of the following?

A) Achievement oriented.
B) Modesty.
*C) Focus on group harmony.
D) Respect for Authority. 

210969714. In which of the following cases would a student experience the most amount of stress according to the idea of primary and secondary appraisal? 

A) A test which does not count towards student's final grade.
B) A test which does count towards student's final grade but the student has the knowledge about the topics that will be tested.
*C) A test which does count towards student's final grade but the student does not have the knowledge about the topics and views as if they also do not have enough resources to cope with it. 
D) A test which does count towards student's final grade but the student does not have the knowledge about the topics and views as they do have enough resources to cope with it.