22039797. Imagine you are travelling in a foreign country where you don't speak the local language. You suddenly find yourself lost in a busy marketplace, with no internet connection or map to guide you back to your hotel. What kind of intelligence will you use to find a solution for this problem? 

A) Emotional intelligence
*B) Practical intelligence
C) Analytical intelligence
D) Creative intelligence

22039798. Julia experienced a traumatic event of sexual abuse in her childhood. When she discussed this with a psychologist, she realized she had difficulty recalling the details. What could be a possible psychological explanation for this?

A) She lacks intelligence, which made it hard for her to remember the event
B) Her emotions led to the creation of inaccurate or false memories
C) Her memory was altered due to misinformation and confusion
*D) Her mind repressed the memory to protect her from emotional distress


22039799. In Erikson's psychosocial development theory, stage 4, industry vs. inferiority, takes place when people are around the age of: 

A) 1-3
*B) 7-11
C) 19-29
D) 30-64

220397910. The quote “Choose a job that you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life” refers to: 

*A) Intrinsic motivation, you are motivated from the inside and you like it.
B) Intrinsic motivation, you are motivated from the surroundings and you like it.
C) Extrinsic motivation, you are motivated from the inside and you like it.
D) Extrinsic motivation, you are motivated from the surroundings and you like it.

220397912. What was a significant reason for the random assignment of participants in Zimbardo’s Stanford Prison Experiment?

A) To ensure that the roles of prisoner and guard were equally represented by a random sample.
B) To create a competitive environment between the guards and prisoners.
*C) To control for pre-existing differences among participants that could influence the results.
D) To minimize the financial costs associated with the study.

220397914. Which of these is NOT a step in the problem-focused coping of stress:

A) Identifying what the problem is
B) Considering possible solutions for the problem
C) Selecting an alternative to the problem
*D) Evaluate effectiveness of the solution