18344361. Chapter 7: Michael wants to make cookies. He has never baked cookies before, so he looks for a recipe online that works with ingredients he has at home. He then follows the recipe to make the cookies. What problem-solving strategy did Micheal use? 

A) Working backwards
B) Trial and error
C) Heuristic
*D) Algorithm

18344362. Chapter 8: When the hippocampus is affected by trauma it can lead to anterograde amnesia. Which option best explains what this means for the affected person?

A) They don’t remember anything from their trauma experience. 
*B) They can't form new memories, but remember past events. 
C) They can’t recall anything from their lives before the trauma. 
D) They remember events before their trauma, but not the trauma itself.

18344363. Chapter 9: The placenta is crucial for survival and provides nourishment and oxygen to the developing organism. In which stage of prenatal development is the placenta formed?

A) Fetal stage
*B) Embryonic stage
C) Germinal stage
D) Zygotic stage

18344364. Chapter 10: For most people, once they feel satiated, their body sends several signals to stop eating. Which of the following physiological mechanisms is NOT used for regulating satiation?

A) The release of leptin by fat cells 
B) Increase in blood sugar levels
*C) Signals form the kidney and pancreas
D) Signals from the gastrointestinal tract  

18344365. Chapter 12: Nathan is participating in a quiz where participants stand up if they believe a statement is true and stay seated if they think it is false. Nathan is unsure about one statement but stands up after noticing that the majority of the group stood up. What is this an example of?

*A) Asch effect
B) Normative social influence
C) Groupthink
D) Compliance

18344366. Chapter 14: Christie and Carol are about to give a presentation. Christie believes this will be a good opportunity for developing her public speaking skills, while Carol thinks she will mess up and that this could damage her reputation. Which concept best explains why Christie and Carol have different reactions to the same situation?

A) Behavioral response
B) General adaption syndrome
*C) Cognitive appraisal 
D) Response-based stress 