2144646. Jonny is walking down the street and sees someone running fast in a ski mask. Jonny thinks this person is a thief. What heuristic is most in line with Jonny's thinking?

A) anchoring bias
B) availability heuristic
C) confirmation bias
*D) representative bias

2144646. Laura is talking with her friend while walking when she bumps into someone. She looks back at the person that bumped her and then back to her friend who is still talking. Laura does not remember the last few things her friend said. What best classifies what just happened to Laura.

*A) absentmindedness
B) retrograde amnesia
C) anterograde amnesia
D) blocking

2144646. Cedric loves biking with his mountain bike and does it all the time. Every time when he bikes over a hill he does a backflip. Cedric is biking to school on his normal bike when he rides over a hill and tries to do a backflip. But because his normal bike is not made for this he falls. Because of what did Cedric try to do a backflip?

A) nature
B) nurture
C) accommodation
*D) schema

2144646. In which order is Maslow's hierarchy of needs built up?

*A) Physiological needs, safety needs, love and belonging, self esteem, self-actualization
B) Physiological needs, safety needs, love and belonging, self-actualization, self esteem
C) Physiological needs, love and belonging, safety needs, self-actualization, self esteem
D) None of the above, the hierarchy depends on the person.

2144646. Your friend gives you a piece of candy every time you see them. Because of this you buy a gift for them. Which of these principles of influence fit this situation the best?

*A) Reciprocity
B) Commitment and capacity
C) Authority
D) Liking

2144646. Sara is trying to figure out why her friend is always so happy. So she asks her friend a bunch of questions to figure out why. She also asks some other people who aren't as happy to figure out what the difference between her friend and others is. Which of these terms best fit this situation?

A) optimism
B) pessimism
C) positive affect
*D) positive psychology