21558347. Which decision bias refers to the tendency to focus on one specific piece of information when making decisions or problem-solving?

A) Confirmation bias
B) Availability bias
*C) Anchoring bias  The * before the C indicates this is the correct answer.
D) Hindsight bias


21558348. After a serious car accident, John wakes up in a hospital bed surrounded by people who claim to be his family, but he doesn’t recognise any of them. He has no recollection of events from his past, including his childhood and adult life, yet he is able to recall everything that has happened since he woke up in the hospital. Which type of amnesia is John likely experiencing?

A) Anterograde amnesia
*B) Retrograde amnesia The * before the B indicates this is the correct answer.
C) Episodic amnesia 
D) Procedural amnesia


21558349. According to Erikson's Psychosocial Stages of Development, what is the developmental task in the fourth stage of development?

*A) Industry vs. Inferiority. The * before the A indicates this is the correct answer.
B) Trust vs. Mistrust
C) Identity vs. Confusion 
D) Integrity vs. Dispair


215583410. What is the key difference between bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder?

A) People with bulimia nervosa do not experience distress after eating, while those with binge eating disorder do.
*B) Bulimia nervosa involves compensatory behaviours like purging or excessive exercise, while binge eating disorder does not.  The * before the B indicates this is the correct answer.
C) Binge eating disorder often results in weight loss, while bulimia nervosa results in weight gain. 
D) People with binge eating disorder engage in compensatory behaviours like purging, while those with bulimia nervosa do not.


215583412. At a party, everyone is wearing formal attire, even though you originally planned to dress casually. To avoid standing out and to feel accepted by the group, you decide to change into formal clothing as well.

*A) Normative social influence  The * before the A indicates this is the correct answer.
B) Informational social influence
C) Compliance 
D) Obedience

215583414. When a stressful situation occurs, cortisol is released by the:

A) Sympathetic nervous system
B) Hypothalamus
C) Pituitary gland 
*D) Adrenal glands. The * before the D indicates this is the correct answer.